Yes, please proceed with creating the unified AppButton component to standardize button styling across authentication states. I want all buttons to have rounded edges, as specified in the task: "Ensure All Buttons, Dialogs, Input Fields, and Dropdown Menus Have Rounded Corners."

Detailed Styling Requirements
Rounded Edges:

All buttons should use rounded-md (medium border radius).
For a larger emphasis, you can use rounded-lg. This should be consistent across all buttons.
Styling Variants:

The button should support the following variants:
Default: A primary button style for main actions.
Outline: A border-only style for secondary actions.
Destructive: A red background or outline for actions like "Delete."
Ghost: Minimal styling for non-emphasized actions.
State Styles:

Ensure proper styling for hover, active, and focus states.
Example: On hover, apply a slightly darker shade for the background or border.
Padding and Sizing:

Padding should be consistent across buttons (e.g., px-4 py-2 or similar).
Buttons should scale well for different text lengths.
Icons:

Buttons should support leading and trailing icons.
Icons should have a consistent size (e.g., h-4 w-4).
Accessibility:

All buttons should be accessible, with appropriate ARIA attributes and keyboard focus styles.
Proposed Tailwind Classes
Here’s how the button might look:

tsx
Copy code
<Button
  variant="default"
  className="rounded-md bg-primary text-primary-foreground hover:bg-primary/90 focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-offset-2 focus:ring-ring"
/>
Specific Preferences
Unified Look Across States:

Both logged-in and logged-out states should use the same AppButton component for consistency.
Ensure there are no styling deviations between the two states.
Maintain Consistency with Other Elements:

The AppButton styling should align with dialogs, input fields, and dropdown menus, all of which use rounded-md or rounded-lg.
No Functional Changes:

This is purely a visual update. The functionality of buttons should remain unchanged.
Avoid Hardcoding Variants:

Make the button reusable by allowing the variant (default, outline, etc.) to be passed as a prop.
Expected Outcome
Visual Consistency:
All buttons have rounded corners and a unified look across the app.
Ease of Maintenance:
Future changes to button styles can be made in one place, reducing duplication and errors.
Improved User Experience:
Consistent styling enhances the app’s visual appeal and usability.