Updated Instructions for Replit:
Issue 1: Input Field Does Not Have Rounded Edges
Ensure rounded-md is Not Overridden:

Inspect the input field using browser developer tools to check if the rounded-md class is being overridden by inline styles or other CSS rules.
If an override is found, remove or adjust the conflicting styles.
Explicitly Add Border Radius:

To ensure rounded corners, explicitly define the border radius using Tailwind's utility classes or inline styles.
Example:
html
Copy code
<input 
  type="text" 
  class="bg-transparent text-lg font-mono text-center uppercase w-24 focus:outline-none cursor-text rounded-md px-2 py-1" 
  value="#76d881" 
  style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); caret-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1); border-radius: 0.375rem;" 
>
Verify Parent Styling:

Check the parent <div> or containing elements to ensure they do not have styles like overflow: hidden; or masking borders that could affect the visibility of rounded edges.
Test Styling:

Confirm that the input field visually appears rounded in both light and dark modes.
Ensure the style is consistent with other UI elements such as buttons and dropdowns.
Issue 2: Input Field Appears to Remain in Focus
Understand the Issue:

When clicking outside the input, the field appears to remain in a focused or active state, even though the cursor isn't blinking.
Clicking on another hex value input transfers the active state to the new field.
Update Focus and Blur Handling:

Add an onBlur event handler to ensure the input loses its active or focus state when the user clicks outside the field:
jsx
Copy code
<input 
  type="text" 
  class="bg-transparent text-lg font-mono text-center uppercase w-24 focus:outline-none cursor-text rounded-md px-2 py-1" 
  value="#76d881" 
  style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); caret-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);"
  onBlur={(e) => e.target.blur()}
>
Ensure Accessibility Compliance:

Test with keyboard navigation to confirm the active state transitions properly between fields when using Tab or Shift + Tab.
Remove Visual Effects for Unfocused Inputs:

Ensure that the CSS for the focus state is not mistakenly applied to inactive fields. For example:
css
Copy code
input:focus {
  outline: 2px solid var(--focus-color);
}
input:not(:focus) {
  outline: none;
}
Test Behavior Across Scenarios:

Verify that:
Clicking outside the field removes the focus state.
Clicking on another input transfers focus correctly.
The input behaves correctly with keyboard navigation and accessibility tools.
By addressing these issues, the input fields will have consistent styling with proper focus behavior across all interaction scenarios.