Issue Description:
The application works perfectly in the local development environment, and deployment to the live URL completed without errors. However, when accessing the live URL (https://huewave.replit.app), the browser returns a 502 Bad Gateway error.

The attached screenshot shows the following details:

Status Code: 502 Bad Gateway
Response headers suggest that Google Frontend is used for hosting.
Likely Causes:
Backend Server Issues:

The server might not be running or reachable from the hosting infrastructure.
There could be issues with the server's entry point or configuration.
Environment Variables:

Missing or misconfigured environment variables required for the app to function.
Port Misconfiguration:

The server may not be listening on the correct port expected by the hosting provider (e.g., 8080 for Replit apps).
Unhandled Errors:

Errors in the app's initialization (e.g., database connection failures, middleware issues, or unhandled exceptions) could cause the app to crash.
Deployment Issues:

A misstep in the deployment process might have caused the app to deploy incorrectly.
Steps to Fix the Issue:
Check Deployment Logs:

Access the deployment logs on Replit to identify any errors during the app's startup.
Verify Server Configuration:

Ensure the app is listening on the correct port (default for Replit: 8080).
Verify that the PORT environment variable is being used correctly in your app's entry point, for example:
javascript
Copy code
const PORT = process.env.PORT || 8080;
app.listen(PORT, () => {
  console.log(`Server running on port ${PORT}`);
});
Review Environment Variables:

Ensure that all required environment variables (e.g., API keys, database credentials) are configured correctly in the Replit deployment environment.
Handle Initialization Errors:

Add error handling for critical app components (e.g., database connections, middleware). Log detailed errors to identify issues during startup:
javascript
Copy code
process.on('uncaughtException', (err) => {
  console.error('Uncaught Exception:', err);
});

process.on('unhandledRejection', (reason, promise) => {
  console.error('Unhandled Rejection at:', promise, 'reason:', reason);
});
Rebuild and Redeploy:

Stop the currently deployed app.
Rebuild the app to ensure all changes are reflected:
bash
Copy code
npm install
npm run build
Redeploy the app.
Test Connectivity:

Test the server's accessibility using a simple endpoint like /health to verify that the server is up and running:
javascript
Copy code
app.get('/health', (req, res) => {
  res.status(200).send('OK');
});
Verify Replit Deployment Settings:

Check Replit’s deployment settings to ensure the app is using the correct environment (Node.js, Express.js) and startup command.
Check Browser Console and Network Logs:

Confirm that the error occurs server-side and not due to client-side issues. Use the developer tools' network tab to review additional details.
Expected Outcome:
The app should successfully handle requests at https://huewave.replit.app.
The 502 error should no longer appear.
