Subject: Consistency Issue with Rounded Edges in UI Elements

Hi Replit Team,

I’m observing a persistent issue in the web app: while many elements (like buttons, input fields, and toasts) are supposed to have rounded edges, new elements, such as newly implemented toasts, are appearing with squared edges by default. This inconsistency in styling is problematic for maintaining a cohesive design language across the application.

Key Observations
New Toasts Default to Squared Edges: New toasts that were recently implemented have squared edges instead of the rounded edges specified in the design guidelines.
Other New Elements May Be Affected: This issue might extend to other elements like modals, dropdowns, or other components that are added in the future.
Default Styling is Inconsistent: Despite having previously enforced rounded corners globally using rounded-md (or other Tailwind classes), new elements seem to bypass this rule.
Questions for Investigation
Why aren’t rounded edges applied by default to new elements?
Could it be due to missing global Tailwind class configurations or overridden styles in certain components?
Is there a cascading conflict in the CSS that prioritizes squared edges over the global rounded styles?
Are there conflicting class utilities in place?
For example, are any rounded-none or other overrides being injected dynamically, or is there an issue with theme inheritance?
Proposed Actions
Enforce Rounded Edges Globally

Ensure that a global class like rounded-md (or rounded-lg based on the app's desired design language) is applied universally to all elements, unless explicitly overridden.
Use Tailwind’s @layer utility to configure this at the component or utility layer if necessary.
Example:

css
Copy code
@layer utilities {
  * {
    @apply rounded-md;
  }
}
This ensures that every new element inherits the default rounded edges unless otherwise specified.

Audit Existing Components

Perform a thorough audit of all components (e.g., toasts, buttons, modals, dropdowns) to ensure they are inheriting the correct styles for rounded edges.
Specifically, inspect newly created components like toasts to confirm they aren’t overriding global styles.
Set Default Tailwind Config

Check the Tailwind configuration file (tailwind.config.js) to ensure a default rounding utility is being applied globally.
For example, ensure the theme’s border radius is correctly set:
javascript
Copy code
module.exports = {
  theme: {
    extend: {
      borderRadius: {
        DEFAULT: '0.375rem', // Equivalent to rounded-md
      },
    },
  },
};
Test Consistency

Implement a test across different UI components to confirm that all elements—especially newly added ones—respect the default styling.
Write a small test in React or use tools like Storybook to verify rounded edges across all component states.
Expected Outcome
All elements (buttons, input fields, dropdowns, toasts, modals, etc.) will have rounded edges by default (rounded-md or as configured globally).
Any exceptions (like intentionally squared elements) will need explicit overrides like rounded-none.
New elements will consistently inherit rounded edges without requiring additional manual adjustments.
Please let me know if you need further clarification or context! Thank you for addressing this.

Best regards,