Issue Description:
Input Field Not Editable:

The input field within each color column (e.g., <input type="text" class="bg-transparent text-lg font-mono text-center uppercase w-24 focus:outline-none cursor-text" value="#497BB5" ...>) is no longer editable.
Previously, users could type any hex value directly into this field to update the corresponding color. Now, clicking the input does not allow typing.
Styling Issues:

The input field does not have rounded edges, which is inconsistent with the design where all elements should have rounded corners.
The input field has very little padding, making it less user-friendly and visually cramped.
Fix Request:
Restore Edit Functionality:

Ensure users can click on the input field and type a valid hex value (e.g., #497BB5) to update the corresponding color in the palette.
The entered value should dynamically update the color in real-time, including proper validation (e.g., ensuring valid hex format like #RRGGBB).
Improve Styling:

Add rounded corners to the input field to maintain consistency with other elements.
Increase padding inside the input field to enhance usability and visual balance.
Example styling (if using Tailwind CSS):
css
Copy code
class="rounded-md p-2"
Ensure the styles apply to both light and dark modes and remain consistent across these states.
Compatibility:

Ensure the restored functionality works seamlessly with existing features, such as lock/unlock, undo/redo, and the color palette generator.
Ensure changes do not break the app's behavior for both logged-in and logged-out users.
Testing:

Test thoroughly in both light and dark modes to ensure the input field is functional and visually aligned with the design.
Key HTML Reference:
html
Copy code
<input 
  type="text" 
  class="bg-transparent text-lg font-mono text-center uppercase w-24 focus:outline-none cursor-text" 
  value="#497BB5" 
  style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255); caret-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); background-color: transparent;"
>
This explanation should provide clarity on the issue and guidance to implement the fix.